# Project3_Diseases dataset  environement used to correlate the interactions of all parties include: [Visual Studio Code, and Anaconda's Jupyter Notebook].
The dashboard was developed by using,Pandas-1.3.3/Flask-2.0.1/beautifulsoup-4=4.10.0/Request==2.26.0/gunicorn 20.1.0/ETL, Python-dotenv==0.19.1/ HTML/SQlite/ React/JavaScript/CSS- all used for an interactive dashboard.
The creation of a unique dashboard's overview that analyzes patient data to create an symptomatic flow of the major top 10 dieseases from the disease data set. The project and its purpose is to inform you on information to help you monitor health care savings goals for preventive maintenance and measures for screenings of overall healthcare initiatives. The data set shows the top ten medical diseases, and it will assist you in a development plan for diseases, diagnosis and monitoring based on symptoms and patient characteristics.
The data set consists of age, gender, diseases and other outcome-based variables. 
The apparatus used is the dashboard for monitoring all outcome-based variables that have been created to help monitor preventative measures and help you save on medical expenses current and future cost. Higher insurance rates due to illness and saving cost by being hospitalized from a healthy living role amongst age groups of 18-94 years of age. 
Reference used Kaggle data set (diseases)
Reference  Bayer.com  https://www.bayer.com/en/us/news-stories/impact-of-socioeconomic-factors-on-health-outcomes-and-importance-of-self-care
The graphs below shows the median age levels of cholesterol take into consideration the assessment tool we offer categorizes the top ten disorders that arise within the general population.
Reference graph data from Kaggle disease sets shows patients labeled as: Young Adulthood 19-40 years of age, Middle Age 41-64 years of age, and Senior Citizens 65-90 years of age. The graph below shows patients with coughing disorders. https://smuvirtdatapt-kkg4695.slack.com/files/U0849CC5GTX/F08NNLHP5KL/screenshot_2025-04-16_195538.png
